hey guys you're welcome welcome back to
my channel I know it's been a very long
time that I've actually posted minecraft
related content but today I've decided
to you know start posting um teach-back
videos and I was back on my channel
because I really missed this channel I
always click and I always check the feed
I always reply to messages that I get
all the time on it I just missed his
channel a lot so you know I'm gonna be
back on this channel and I'm gonna be
uploading texture packs and I'm coming
up with funny stuff you know be myself
but I will also be doing my main channel
on the side this channel is more like a
weekly channel once a week maybe one or
two videos a week and Matt Latos mainly
so the mansion will be in my sub box
whatever and yes so first of all today
we're just gonna be reviewing my texture
pack that I made you know that I made so
yes I know if you guys haven't seen me
in a timely links a lot a lot of things
have changed they know you guys you guys
will get used to the new me it's a lot
better me trust me I'm a lot better what
I do here I'm a lot more advanced but
you can see right there there's the nice
guy that I have but yeah we need into
the tissue paper veneer so here's the
weapons um he's my dinosaur it's really
nice I've done all the shading myself
he's the iron sword the stone sword and
the wood sword so with these things I'm
not sure if I should commentate over
them or not so if you guys want me to
commentate just tell me if you guys
don't want me to but if you don't want
me to just tell me and I won't comment
head over my just put music cuz it's a
lot easier in my heart so here's my bow
pull it back and your animated bow at
the end so let's just test it and
there's a particles
why should I shoot under there I think I
just shot some food here's my rod shoot
it they got like a nice awkward sort of
blue here's the fire actually it's
actually a red fire in the pack but I
changed the fire the other day to blue
um I don't know what I took out here so
you know let's just put the cake there
cuz she does my cake so I had a blue
cake I got a there's my food this is a D
for dead by the way um I also got a
shovel and axes and black handles and
then the hose and then my picks
you should remember my piece of you been
in here forever alright now my potion so
first one is really just agree to the
swiftness there's the things the little
stars and you know you've got your
little green stars here
just jump up dummy here at the Ignat so
this is like a more of a PvP base pack
because it's easier like mcsg I'm your
age see no means easy to scare them
here's the things you know me here's all
the yours by the way if you look at the
odds they glow boom boom so you see that
they grow they are glowing and here's
what the would so there's nothing else
you nearly need to see apart from two
things let's sit right let's time set
night and then that's good game mode 0
here's the inventory here's my hotbar
there's my hopper let's go game mode 1
and it's got a P and this is what the
night sky looks like it's very nice so
let's drink some milk and you know it's
very nice and all and yeah so I hope you
guys sort of enjoy my first ever taste
back review I'll be doing lots of these
in my channel and there's the ammo by
the way wait did I oh I need to put
armor on this alright Alma that's what I
do let me add my armor that's at my
stands right now you know I died my
teammates earlier today so let's just go
like 1 2 which it is on video who cares
go 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 so yeah
and here's Yammer so there's the armor
what it looks like on the stand you can
see the my inventory and then we need
fruit smoothie
I know and then BOOM so that's what it
looks like I hope you guys enjoy I
packed it down I think we would you have
a loaf we could smash out I know did you
say an easy one like this I'm sorry
let's just say 5 likes
I I'm 10 the goal so low that I could do
myself you know let's just let's just I
just want to get a rough idea and how
many likes and everything leave a
comment do all those fun things and hope
you guys are pumped to see more of these
videos in the future and I'm back on his
channel forever